Design and implement an in-memory Multi Level Cache Management System with N levels, say (L1 -> L2 -> L3 … -> LN).



Each level will store Key-Value pairs of data. Both KEY and VALUE are of type String. L1 is the top most level and Ln is the last level.

You are given following configuration and details about the system:

Max number of levels of cache. The system starts with only 1 level initially and grows to a max number of levels as per the config.
The capacity of each level, i.e. number of elements that can be stored. The size is fixed for every level.
This Cache system should be able to perform following operations:

READ KEY Operation
Read will start from L1 level. If KEY is found at this level, then this value will be returned. If KEY is not found at this level, then try to read from the next level. Keep doing this until the value of KEY is found at some level or the last level has been reached. If the value of KEY is found at some level, then this VALUE should also be written into the first level and the expected write behavior should follow as specified in the next section.

WRITE KEY Operation
Writes will start from level L1. If a level is full, evict any key-value pair from this level and write the evicted k-v pair into the next level. If the next level is also full, evict any k-v pair from that level and insert in the next level and so on. If you reach the last level, add a new level and insert the evicted K-V pair in this new level. The write operation fails if there is no capacity in the system i.e when you have reached max number of levels and all levels are full.

The eviction strategy should be pluggable. However, you can just implement the strategy to evict any random key for simplicity.

You will be evaluated based on

Functional coverage
Code modularity, readability, exception handling
Separation of concerns
Clean Abstractions
Testability
Application of OO design principles
Taking care of any concurrency issues
[execution time limit] 4 seconds (py)